It's time my friends ! Don't listen to the smooth-talker ! Be aware of what will happen if we don't choose to move on
from this terrible times when we though that compress down on wages, push non-stop people in the back, twist their arms,
we would magically rise up the economy and the production !
The exact opposite in fact happened ! It goes on like this for 20 years ! Isn't the time to stop that ?
Isn't the time to tell that the problem is those who gorge ?
Not the immigrant, nor individuals who do not share the same religious beliefs !
The problem is the banker ! The problem is Mulliez (TN: French billionaire) ! Here is the problem !
It has a name ! It has an address !
We can change a lot of things, especially those salaried people, those workers... Those employees from every levels, from offices to workshop !
We're going to have a huge need of everyone's mobilisation ! Because we're going to change from top to bottom  all our means of production,
in order to create the great ecological transition that mankind needs - not only you, on your workstation, to stop intaking harmful products !
Not only the French people, because we take care of our country ! But the entire mankind needs that most advanced countries,
where the cultural and educational level are the highest, show the example, move forward first, develop production process,
the machines, and, generally speaking, all the processes, we can then suggest to others - by technology transfer -
for EVERYBODY to be able to eat correctly high-quality products, whether we live in a rich or in a poor country !
And have free and safe energy !
If I'm summoning the working class today - as I came for it - it's to tell how wrong it is to let itself get abused in this way,
and it's possible to fight back by voting ; but also to tell : "We need you all !"
We have to get to work, in completely different conditions,
and this change will come both from top by the law, by engineers, both technician men and women,
and also from everyone from their workstations, whom will need to do propositions to improve them !
To highlight where are the dangers ! Because YOU know where those dangers are.
Go around your relation, you know how there are productions in which you're part of, which are not safe over the time
for your health, or for people who's using those products made in these conditions !
The working-class is the best whistleblower for the ecological transition !
There is no contradiction between them, whatever people think !